readme.md, before:

# ZURB Template

[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/zurb/foundation-zurb-template/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/zurb/foundation-zurb-template#info=devDependencies)

**Please open all issues with this template on the main [Foundation for Sites](https://github.com/zurb/foundation-sites/issues) repo.**

This is the official ZURB Template for use with [Foundation for Sites](http://foundation.zurb.com/sites). We use this template at ZURB to deliver static code to our clients. It has a Gulp-powered build system with these features:

- Handlebars HTML templates with Panini
- Sass compilation and prefixing
- JavaScript module bundling with webpack
- Built-in BrowserSync server
- For production builds:
  - CSS compression
  - JavaScript compression
  - Image compression

## Installation

To use this template, your computer needs:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) (0.12 or greater)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

This template can be installed with the Foundation CLI, or downloaded and set up manually.

### Using the CLI

Install the Foundation CLI with this command:

```bash
npm install foundation-cli --global
```

Use this command to set up a blank Foundation for Sites project with this template:

```bash
foundation new --framework sites --template zurb
```

The CLI will prompt you to give your project a name. The template will be downloaded into a folder with this name.

Now `cd` to your project name and to start your project run 

```bash
foundation watch
```

### Manual Setup

To manually set up the template, first download it with Git:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/zurb/foundation-zurb-template projectname
```

Then open the folder in your command line, and install the needed dependencies:

```bash
cd projectname
npm install
```

Finally, run `npm start` to run Gulp. Your finished site will be created in a folder called `dist`, viewable at this URL:

```
http://localhost:8000
```

To create compressed, production-ready assets, run `npm run build`.

Commit message:

Updated readme with hosting and deploy info

readme.md, after:

# Hosting & deployment
The current host is Hostinger.

## Deploy
There is an auto-deployment setup to copy dist files to the server whenever a commit is made to the `master` branch in the `patrick-huber/patrickhuberme-dist` repo.
 
1. Build the site (see below)
1. Copy the compiled files in the `/dist` folder to the `patrickhuberme-dist` repo
1. Commit to `master` branch and push changes to the repo
1. The auto-depoy will copy files over to hosting server



# ZURB Template
This project was building using the ZURB template. Full details on installation and development below.

[![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/zurb/foundation-zurb-template/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/zurb/foundation-zurb-template#info=devDependencies)

**Please open all issues with this template on the main [Foundation for Sites](https://github.com/zurb/foundation-sites/issues) repo.**

This is the official ZURB Template for use with [Foundation for Sites](http://foundation.zurb.com/sites). We use this template at ZURB to deliver static code to our clients. It has a Gulp-powered build system with these features:

- Handlebars HTML templates with Panini
- Sass compilation and prefixing
- JavaScript module bundling with webpack
- Built-in BrowserSync server
- For production builds:
  - CSS compression
  - JavaScript compression
  - Image compression

## Installation

To use this template, your computer needs:

- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/) (0.12 or greater)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)

This template can be installed with the Foundation CLI, or downloaded and set up manually.

### Using the CLI

Install the Foundation CLI with this command:

```bash
npm install foundation-cli --global
```

Use this command to set up a blank Foundation for Sites project with this template:

```bash
foundation new --framework sites --template zurb
```

The CLI will prompt you to give your project a name. The template will be downloaded into a folder with this name.

Now `cd` to your project name and to start your project run 

```bash
foundation watch
```

### Manual Setup

To manually set up the template, first download it with Git:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/zurb/foundation-zurb-template projectname
```

Then open the folder in your command line, and install the needed dependencies:

```bash
cd projectname
npm install
```

Finally, run `npm start` to run Gulp. Your finished site will be created in a folder called `dist`, viewable at this URL:

```
http://localhost:8000
```

To create compressed, production-ready assets, run `npm run build`.
